{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 SimpleTimer
\f1\b0  is a little utility that allows you to create programmable timers. Each timer can be set up with a certain amount of minutes and seconds. Once a timer is started, it will count until the time interval has elapsed, and then will execute various gestures, such as print an alert message on the screen, open an URL with the preferred browser, or play a sound.\
\
The timer can also be set up to repeat the counting indefinitely, until user invalidation. Please note that when you close a timer-window the associated timer will be stopped if it was running, and deallocated.\
\
An indefinite number of timers can be created and started. They will "count" in the background with almost no CPU load (except during the execution of the selected gestures).\
\

\f0\b Donations and Support:
\f1\b0 \
\
This program comes with no software or hardware protections, and you don't have to "register" with me or ask for a serial number. But it would be nice if you could send me some feedback. Also, please consider a donation if you like SimpleTimer. A donation is a sign of support for independent programming and free software. Any amount is okay. If you want to use PayPal, send your donation to this email address: 
\f0\b e@cubelogic.org
\f1\b0 . If you'd rather use regular mail or other forms of payment for your donation, or have any other questions, concerns, or suggestions, please send an email to: 
\f0\b support@cubelogic.org.
\f1\b0  Whatever you choose to do, thanks for reading.\
\

\f0\b What you get with a Donation:
\f1\b0 \
\
- 
\f0\b lifetime 
\f1\b0 support, 
\f0\b free updates
\f1\b0  and optional 
\f0\b update notifications
\f1\b0  for this application;\
- possibly, some random gifts from me;\
- a nice feeling for supporting an independent software company.\
\

\f0\b Credits:
\f1\b0 \
\
Ideas: Judy Hui, Ettore Pasquini, Lorenzo Pazzi\
\
Programming, Human Interface Design: Ettore Pasquini\
\
SimpleTimer was tested on Mac OS X 10.3, but it is believed to work on 10.2 as well. If you encounter any problems, send an email to 
\f0\b support@cubelogic.org
\f1\b0 .\
\
Icons: Ettore Pasquini\
\
Thanks: Stephen Cristol, Judy Hui, Lorenzo Pazzi\
\
License: This is 
\f0\b Free Software under the GNU GPL
\f1\b0 . See enclosed license document for details about copying, or check out 
\f0\b http://gnu.org/
\f1\b0 \
\
Technologies: Objective-C, using the Cocoa/OpenStep framework.\
\
This is a 
\f0\b Cubelogic
\f1\b0  release. Check out 
\f0\b http://cubelogic.org/
\f1\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc
\cf0 Developed with logic.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
}